Dear Mr.Jane,

Thank you for letting us know about your recent experience with our bottle. 
I apologize if our product did not meet your expectations, and appreciate you taking time to share your concerns.

Our goal is to provide a consistently reliable product and an exemplary level of customer service. 
Based on the events you describe, we did not meet this goal. we will replace the bottle if it is under warranty.
Your comments regarding bottle will be used for better quality of the product.

Thank & regards,
XYZ,
Customer Care Associate.


 

Hi,
I appreciate you letting me know about your account status. We strive to ensure every customer is satisfied with our services, and I
apologize for any way in which we may have inconvenienced you. 
I gone through your account details and found that your credit card information was not entered correctly. I am requesting you to
enter the correct card details and it will resume your account back. If you want any more information on that reach out to us.


Hi,

Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write us and express your grievances on our products and services.


our greatest desire is to ensure our customers are satisfied at all levels and find the most suitable way to fix their problems without delay.
I am sorry to inform you that your issue belogns to another engineering team, will escalate your request to that particular team.
They will resolve your issue on time. I am requesting you to kindly bare with us.



Hello Mr.John Smith,
Thanks for your email to notify us of the difficulties you have been experiencing with our services.

We are very sorry for such destabilizing encounters you have been faced with.  One of our strengths is the way we respond to our customers promptly.
 Therefore, your recent experience is unjustifiable. I have discussed with our technical department and they are suggesting you to Check the target server setting: 
Settings > Resources >Session>Session timeout make sure it's long enough. Also check the From server setting: 
Settings > Resources >Outbound HTTP Settings timeout, try to increase it. In case of any difficulty or information reach out to us.

